all right so you probably saw in the
video when we were working with jolly
mischief the plant I kind of panned over
two of Dean's bunny blue here is the
litany of leaves that have been stripped
off it in here how are you I'm going
down to this now you look like you've
gotten out of hand
you know you're kind of stripping these
up no I'm going down to this to deserve
this
that's where I'm going to which is
probably produced 30 leaves in the
process she was can escape the neck with
your delicate bowie knife again you
always know if you have a good plant if
you're all healthy all the way down here
buy healthy you mean not a black circle
in the middle a black circle it's just
nice and green and fleshy you know cuz
he's got a big neck so I didn't put very
much in there at all so he's just gonna
fit right down in there
now you don't use any sort of rooting
hormone either now yeah you're telling
like Little House on the Prairie violet
do you not see the advertisements in the
African violin I hope to be buying in
copious amounts
I guess my plants don't know the
commercial cycle we'll do some close-up
zooming in here what do you do that and
he will flatten out and lay down do all
the good things he's supposed to Jesus
out of him he's going ah thank you
now when do you expect to get that back
into a respectable show plan what I
expect to show this in April I feel if
you win a ribbon with this sucker in
April if I if it doesn't I will buy you
is drinking the bar in Raleigh it
doesn't you know what I may have to
renege on that because ah now that there
now that Lions has a collection what I'm
going to try and do is show for the
Lions collection show for the Rob's
collection which means that my abs a
collection will have to be minis and I
don't know that I'll get to do this so
this might have to wait till Illinois
show
well I'm sure what's uh why are you so
let the constant force in the
collections Boettiger
again we're looking for a more
academically
you only have fifty thousand those
that's around the house now I think I
should make an outfit to Ryder alley of
course rosettes but wouldn't that be
cool wouldn't it it kind of looks like
you were a Texas square dancer or
something like that that would be cool
no Texas watches even though that's not
all my rosettes this year thank you very
much
my new calendar comes off so that that
way all the new rosettes will be gone
for the year and I lace and I assuming
like many people I've seen you've
stopped taking the blue ribbons home
right sometimes sometimes I still take
the balloon out for they're from
national I'll take the blue well I don't
show enough that you know I'm only
showing maybe five six seven plants in
national so I can still take the blues
from there I don't feel like I'm
depriving them of anything that's right
your money is going to that alright
we'll look for this plant in June in
June